
                                                TASKS

# Created this (0x01-git) directory

##  created these sub-directories bash, c, js inside the 0x01-git directory
	1. created thes empty files:
		. c/c_is_fun.c
		. js/main.js
		. js/index.js
	2. created a file bash/alx with these two lines inside: #!/bin/bash and echo "ALX"
	3. Created a file bash/school with this two lines inside: #!/bin/bash and echo "School"
	4. Updated the file bash/alx
	5. Deleted the sub-directory js

## Updating my alx-pre_course repository from Github.com
	1. updated my README.md file in the main branch from Github.com and added a commit message.

## Created a branch update_script.
	1. Added an empty file named bash/98.
	2. Updated bash/alx by replacing echo "ALX" with echo "ALX School"
	3. Updated bash/school by replacing echo "School" with echo "The school is open!"

## Resolving merge conflicts
	1. merged the branch update_script to main

## Created a .gitignore file
	1. Created a .gitignore file to not push ~ files (generated by Emacs).

## Created a file named example_on_merge_conflict.
	1. With these two lines of text inside:
		#!/bin/bash
		echo "I resolved more merge conficts errors"
	2. Changed branch from master to update_script.
		a. Inside the update_script:
			i. updated the file example_on_merge_conflict, by replacing echo "I resolved more merge conflict errors" 
			   with echo "I resolved more merge conflict errors and updated my branches"
			ii. Wrote the command i used to copy the example_on_merge_conflict file from the 
			    branch master to the branch update_script.

	3. Merged the branch update_script to master branch
